Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu
Haikyuu !
!
Haikyuu
We're not gonna quit now, we're not stopping here, we're not giving up
We're in the direst of straits We understand all that
But we're not quitting now, we're not stopping, we're not giving up
'Cause if we give up now It'll all be over
If we don't step up to the challenge, we'll never get a taste
Of the most exhilarating time of our lives
There's always been something we've lacked, something missing
Haven't you also hungered for it?
So we'll be coming at them fair and square
We're gonna play out this reality, all the sweet and all the sour
We wanna come straight at you with the greatest of finesse
We're torn toward that delight because that seems like the most fun
So there's no way we're giving up now
Not until we've tasted it all and are left grinning
So let's start smiling
Episode Twenty-four: Monsters' Ball
I touched it!
There are plenty of guys in this world who we're no match for,
and it's natural to find people like that amazing.
Got it!
But if you're thinking they're prodigies from the start,
that just means you've lost before you even faced them.
And it's rude.
Sorry, it's long!
Damn it... Just five more centimeters...
I should be able to reach that!
Jump higher!
Reach it!
His foot!
Hinata Shouyou shows incredible balance and instinct!
Inarizaki Karasuno
Karasuno somehow manages to stop Inarizaki from getting back-to-back points!
Damn it!
Don't get tired now!
Complain, damn it!
Complain? Why would I?
Gimme the next one too!
I thought Kageyama had nothing to be scared of anymore.
But...
it's not just the other team that can push you beyond your limits.
I'm moved, Shouyou.
Inarizaki Karasuno
Inarizaki's cutting things off instantly now.
This goes for both schools, but their ability to go straight for the middle when in a tight spot is amazing.
There are times where Atsumu's concentration suddenly breaks.
But today, it actually feels like it just keeps getting sharper.
I do think that monsters exist, though.
Yeah, so do I.
We don't need the memories We don't need the memories
There are monsters who profess their love for volleyball every day.
Getting to meet them, stand on the same court with them, and face them on the other side of the net...
I was invited to the monsters' ball.
Aren't I lucky?
Our only option is to get through this!
Yeah!
Miya Atsumu's serving.
He'd been concentrating his efforts on competing with Nishinoya,
but we don't know who he'll bare his fangs at next.
The pressure the Karasuno receivers must be feeling is unfathomable.
Following right after Karasuno's Kageyama, Inarizaki's Miya Atsumu just pulled off a service ace!
It's hard to believe that a high school student could pull off such a high-level serve.
Hope and despair just keep chasing each other.
Scary.
It just passes by in a blink of an eye.
One more point! One more point!
And Inarizaki High School is at match point!
Hey.
We don't need a miracle.
Things like this just keep happening!
Karasuno's not scared?
They're hanging on by their fingertips, and Miya Atsumu's serving!
One step back, and it's over a cliff's edge.
You never get used to this.
My hands and knees feel like they're going to shake.
But we're not going for a miracle here.
We're just going to repeat the same thing we've done time and again!
Daichi!
Just like a silent roar!
After that graceful jump float serve, he shakes up Karasuno with an intense spike serve!
It's gonna go over the net!
I'm not gonna lose!
Gimme the next one too!
I'm not gonna lose...
to him!
Seriously?
Hinata Shouyou goes down the center!
Kageyama Tobio manages to set the ball that was about to go over the net!
He hit that from so high up!
It's as though Hinata has wings!
And then there's Kageyama! I can't believe he got it to him!
The hell?
It's not that he believes in the setter.
He just believes that the ball will come to him.
"You'll get the ball up here, won't you?"
You've got my condolences, Tobio.
You've got one scary partner there.
What's so weird about that?
All y'all need to consider how others feel!
Huh? That wasn't funny at all.
What are you—
It wasn't meant as a joke!
I win.
What? Stop looking at me like that!
I'm the one who scored the point!
Hey!
It's all because of me, but whatever.
Nice spike.
Don't say that with that face!
Inarizaki Karasuno Good luck!
All right.
Their number ten is finally out for a while.
Two more rotations and Azumane will serve!
That's probably going to be their best bet!
Make sure they don't score back-to-back points until then!
Man, I'm tired.
Tired of running, tired of jumping,
tired of their setter I can't predict.
Up front! Samu!
If I could stuff him right now, I'm sure the whole team would lose their minds.
I can't, though.
So you'd better be there.
And middle blocker Hinata Shouyou gets the ball up again!
Excellent positioning!
Shouyou!
Dammit.
I've known this for a while,
but he's just...
so damn good at blocking!
We don't need the memories
I don't care if it's God, Buddha, or a goddess.
Fly Fly Let us have this one point!
Counterattack!
Back row minus tempo!
Nice receive!
How do you even get that ball?
Who's that guy again? The libero? That was amazing.
That receive was amazing, but the blockers set things up so that he could get it.
The spikers, who try to break through those blocks and receives.
The setters, who try to create the optimal situation for the spiker.
The servers, who give it their all so the setters won't have to work.
They all work together until the ball hits the ground.
If you lose your train of thought for even one second, you get left behind.
Damn it.
My mind's clear, but my legs aren't keeping up.
Sorry.
Karasuno can barely stay on their feet.
Kageyama!
You've got this.
You've got this!
Azumane!
It's beautiful.
I'm jealous of the first- and second-years, as well as the incoming first-years who will keep hitting these sets.
Three blockers!
But at the same time, I feel sorry for them.
Crap.
Karasuno scores!
Yeah!
Nice spike.
It pisses me off.
Wait, what?
You saw that he delayed his spike timing, right?
He was trying that out at our practice match.
He was?
He waits for the moment the blockers start to go back down to hit the ball.
If he messed up, it'd end up just being a weak spike.
I couldn't tell at all.
The fact that he was able to make this unpolished spike work
in the very last part of a match where everyone's tired, and he didn't ruin his form in the process...
It all pisses me off.
Inarizaki Karasuno And now, Karasuno's at match point!
My chest's starting to hurt... Yeah...
Do you know how the guys on the court feel right now?
Their stamina's gotta be about to run out.
And they're dealing with an insane amount of pressure and nervousness.
They're thinking, "Whoever scores here gets to be the hero."
Haikyuu!!
Inarizaki Karasuno Just one more point.
Go.
Go!
He really has some nerve getting excited over those first-year brats.
Best high school setter, my ass!
Man, what a luxury...
Hearing someone mentally saying, "Give the ball to me."
That intent to spike that ball, as if he's saying, "I'll definitely get that point."
This is the best!
And using all that as a decoy...
is the ultimate luxury.
I'm not gonna let them just keep digging out my attacks.
I'm the one who actually attacked, though.
And Suna scores the point.
Inarizaki's attackers decide to mess with Karasuno a little longer.
The Miya Twins haven't actually used their fast attacks that often,
but they leave such an impact that they're still useful.
And I'm sure Atsumu wants to use plenty of new toys.
He's actually doing a good job holding back.
Yes.
Apparently the match on Court A is intense.
They might actually go over 30 points in the third set.
Damn, that sounds exhausting!
Inarizaki managed to get this ball up too!
Samu!
Their blockers are also insanely persistent.
The tension's so thick here that it feels like it's about to burst at any second.
Left! Left!
But they aren't going to let it burst just yet!
Each side's concentration is solid as a rock!
Look at that high spike from Ojiro Aran!
Yeah!
Just listen to the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium roar!
That spike went right over the block!
Inarizaki has a firm grasp on Karasuno's back and won't let go!
Miya Osamu's in the back, so there won't be a fast attack.
Please use this chance to score!
Asahi!
It's long!
But...
he's still going to get that ball up in the air.
I don't believe it!
Just how bold is this first-year, Kageyama Tobio?!
But it looks like all of Karasuno's players are going for the attack in the end.
Nice, nice, Karasuno! Push it, push it, Karasuno!
Do it again!
They're all ready to land that spike.
That's what makes Karasuno so strong, but it must take so much stamina and energy.
Inarizaki Karasuno Inarizaki Karasuno
Inarizaki Inarizaki Inarizaki
Just one more point...
Just one more point.
We don't need the memories
It's not going to reach!
Up front!
This guy...
But he's been going for the "just make it over" serve this whole time...
Gin!
Back up!
Let's go!
Attack!
Hurry!
We have to be faster than them!
Before the other team gets back on their feet...
Before they catch up!
Fast! So incredibly fast!
Karasuno goes in for the kill!
The libero, Akagi, managed to save it!
Not good.
Slow down! Slow down the pace!
Left! Left!
Slow it down, guys!
A straight spike!
Don't let it get through!
Left!
They're already blocking!
My running approach was too short!
Time for a rebound!
Go again!
Go back!
Slow down! Take it easy!
You guys need to slow down!
The rhythm of their strong will to finish things off is picking up pace.
Stop panicking!
Do every step slowly!
Speed is a curse.
It narrows their view, makes it harder to breathe, and makes them suffer,
but at the same time, they're strangling themselves.
Faster, back to the net!
Got it!
Let's take it easy.
It's so simple and such a minor thing, but it gets forgotten all the time.
A receive that's nice and high.
A receive that allows his teammates to breathe again.
What the hell happened to Hinata at the first-years' training camp?
The crowd...
Actually, even most of the players on the court won't think of this as a big deal.
It's just a pass to them.
I may be small, but I can jump!
I want to hit the ball too.
Set for me too.
Right! I love spiking.
But I still want to play.
I want to stand on the court.
Crap. I might just cry.
Significant approach distance... ...achieved!
Synchronized attack!
Making time for your teammates also gives your opponents time.
But that's fine.
Now, take this head-on!
The final point...
This is it...
Finish it!
It doesn't... ...matter where!
We're not letting you through that easily!
They got it back over the net!
Holy crap!
Up front!
Karasuno's tenacity is throwing Inarizaki into chaos!
Get back in position!
Hurry!
Twins' Fast Attack... Twins' Fast Attack
Twins' Fast Attack
Minus Tempo Minus Tempo ...Minus Tempo... Back Back
...Back!
This position.
This timing.
This angle.
We We don't don't ne ne ed ed the the me me mo mo ri
ri es es
It's all perfect!
Inarizaki Karasuno Inarizaki Karasuno
I think everyone was surprised.
But we weren't.
In a battle lasting a tenth of a second,
it was only these two who didn't waver even a millimeter...
at the twins' insanely fast attack from the back row.
Speed is a very, very strong weapon.
It's charming and cool.
But it's not invincible.
They knew that better than anyone.
The only thing I'm sure of is that the day will come when I finally get it
It doesn't matter if I make some mistakes along the way as long as I hold onto these feelings
In my dreams I wanted to throw off the yoke of gravity and reality
But the day in day out of bringing it all together had me grounded
The boy who acted all tough like he wasn't scared of anything
Still hasn't been torn away from the sweat of fierce competition
But he's not just hoping for miracles anymore
We can go anywhere we want to because one day our dream will come true
It was no mere coincidence that we made it this far
Every time we're forced from the stage I always wanna get right back on it
And I can hold onto that strong desire because you were there
Episode Twenty-five: The Promised Land
Next time: "The Promised Land."